[Music]
imagine someone sitting at a bar and
sipping on a beer you might think
they're just trying to unwind after a
stressful week at work but what if I
told you that they were actually taking
a break in the middle of a yoga class
well that's what a rage yoga class looks
like this new type of yoga was created
by Lin's a estas she started the trend
in Canada and now it's taking over the
u.s. a few years ago she experienced a
life crisis after a painful breakup and
developed anger issues naturally she
started looking for something to help
her relax
however traditional yoga was too serene
and slow for her and didn't seem to fit
her loud expressive personality that's
how her yoga practice took on a new tone
her mat became a place where she could
freely let out her anger hurt and
confusion by swearing screaming at the
top of her lungs and sipping on alcohol
in between asanas Wow that sounds like a
real revolution in the yoga world right
she soon decided to hold the first rage
yoga workshop as you might have already
guessed it wasn't in a quiet studio with
incense or candles and meditative music
yep it took place in a bar I don't know
about you but I would give it a try
sign me up those who came loved the idea
of a practice that involved stretching
positional exercises and getting all
their emotions out by cursing and making
rude gestures that's how it turned into
weekly classes later on Lyndsey launched
online classes of course some yoga
experts don't consider rage yoga real
yoga real or not those who are into it
claim that it's a great way to get rid
of negative emotions and connect with
your body if you find rage Yoga a bit
too eccentric there are other methods
that can help you deal with anger issues
and tame your temper the most productive
and healthy way is trying to figure out
why you're angry if you or someone else
is treated badly or unfairly anger might
be an understandable and natural
response but sometimes you just don't
know why you snapped at someone it's
quite possible that your body is going
through some hormonal chain
and that causes mood swings maybe you've
been under a lot of pressure lately but
pretty often you get angry at someone
just because you're frustrated about how
your life is going are you satisfied
with your job are you happy with the
relationships you have do you take
enough time to take care of your
emotional and physical needs entering
these questions will help you pinpoint
what triggers your rage enabling you to
work on this particular problem we all
experience emotions differently did you
know that there are seven types of anger
yeah
that many knowing which type is yours
can definitely make you understand why
you act the way you do when you feel the
rage boiling up inside number one
you avoid anger do you often feel mad
but never let yourself say anything
about it do you bottle it up inside that
means you avoid anger and conflicts at
all costs
people usually learn this at an early
age when their parents tell them that
showing your anger is bad in fact anger
is a normal human feeling and what
really matters is how you act when
you're mad if you suppress it all the
time without addressing the issues or
situations that caused it sooner or
later you'll just blow your top that's
why it's always better to let others
know if you strongly dislike something
but in a polite yet assertive way number
two you can't let go
you simply can't forget the time someone
robbed you and keep holding a grudge
against them even if a lot of time is
passed
that person has probably moved on and
couldn't care less about what happened
you however find it impossible to
forgive them for you forgiving means
admitting that you were wrong your ego
is hurt and keeping your relationship
with that person it seems less important
than being right but forgiving someone
is about letting yourself let go of
negative emotions so do it for your own
benefit number three you tend to
exaggerate if you find a reason to get
angry in almost any situation then this
anger type fits you you treat even a
simple conversation as an argument you
have to win the root of this behavior
usually hides in low self-esteem
you were bullied when you were a kid or
felt inferior to others for some reason
in any case now you put down the people
who surround you because it makes you
feel powerful and significant you're
scared to feel helpless again and that's
why you always attack first clearly
working on your self-esteem will help
you change this damaging pattern number
four anger is your habit if you're
constantly angry regardless of the
circumstances you're in then you most
probably have chronic anger issues the
inability to shake off this feeling has
a lot in common with addictive behavior
such people were not born bad-tempered
most likely they were raised in families
where anger was the norm now they
perceive the world as a dangerous place
where you always have to defend yourself
and aggression has become their weapon
of choice to deal with this problem a
person will need a lot of support
breaking this habit might be a real
challenge but it's definitely worth
trying number five your beliefs set up
your anger
no matter the nature of your beliefs
it's ingrained in your mind that you're
right and those who disagree are wrong
sometimes you might find yourself in a
really ridiculous situation where for
example you feel agitated because
someone doesn't share your sentiments
about a TV show and then you get into a
fight trying to persuade them that this
is the most spectacular show ever try to
be more open minded and accepting of
others opinions we're all different and
that's what makes us unique number six
you rage online oh yes most of us are
guilty of this to some extent expressing
your feelings especially anger and
dissatisfaction seems so much easier on
social media you feel free to let it all
out because it's not a face-to-face
situation in most cases those who
unleash their discontent online would
eat their words if they met their
targets in person but keep in mind that
the web regardless of its anonymity is
still a place where you should follow
the basic rules of etiquette number
seven your passive-aggressive
this type of indirect hostility is
really tricky those who fall into this
category like to give backhanded
compliments and say a lot of things they
don't truly mean they don't get mad in
the traditional way by screaming and
shouting but they still find a way to
get even if their feelings have been
hurt or if they feel mistreated by
playing innocent at the same time a
friend asked you for a favor but you
don't want to do it a passive-aggressive
person will agree without a second
thought but then purposefully forget
about it and that's how you lose friends
and become someone everyone avoids to
beat passive aggression a person should
acknowledge their dysfunctional behavior
it work on being more honest and genuine
which type of anger do you experience
most often sound off in the comments
section below and don't forget to give
this video a like share it with your
friends and click subscribe to always
stay on the bright side of life
[Music]